(Timing game starts suddenly)
JinSoul: 1
YeoJin: 2
ViVI: 3
HaSeul: 4... Oops!
(And YeoJin doesn’t miss this chance!)
YeoJin: Please act cute!
YeoJin: Acting cute cute! Please! Come on~
HaSeul: HaSeul can’t act cute!
(Actually, it seems she just wanted to show her acting cute)
YeoJin: Baby shark, durururu~
HaSeul: Actually, she does it everyday…
ViVI: Acting cute~
(We haven’t seen VIVi’s cute wink for a while!)
(The photo shooting started after a break!)
YeoJIn: The end!
HeeJin: It’s done!
HaSeul: Change clothes!
JinSoul: Ang!
Kim Lip: Whew!
Kim Lip: I’m going to change clothes
Chuu: Let’s guess it! Outfits with flower patterns?
Yves: Well then, how about doing that jump and change the scene~
(Yves really loves teleport)
Chuu: Okay!
Yves: Okay, let’s change into the second outfits!
Yves: 1, 2, 3!
(Sorry! We didn’t shoot them after changing clothes!)